Frank and the team are fitting edison's
tracking collar so this is a new type of
collar that we're trying it's a little
bit easier to put on at the other ones
and instead of having a big lead weight
of Department all the brains are down in
the weight as well it may look big but
for an elephant it's just like wearing a
watch the collars on now it's time to
wake Addison up so we just can't jump
back in the car
that was after sixty minutes they had to
touch the sky so let's wait and see how
long it takes him to wake up the
antidote counteracts the effects of the
tranquilizer all going to plan
Edison should be back on his feet within
a couple of minutes but he's not
this is when everything stops and
everything gets quiet and the second
hand seems to go around the watch a bit
slower and you wait for him to to get up
the first sign will be looking for us
this is yeah twitching
you owe me just a couple of minutes is
there
he's been down too long and they're
worried vet Matthew Mouton de Menezes
another shot of antidote
my heart really isn't on earth
you seen this before George yeah
and like this at all
stupid time oh thank god
that's a big relief
he's paying a lot of attention to it
he's sniffing it thinking what the hell
is this thing why am I wearing in vector
suddenly
I've only done about telling them that
every elephant that I have been involved
in covering leaves you the special
attachment to the elephants like when we
follow on the tracking system you know
what they're like and you feel that you
feel like an outsider and you see
they're very light what's an orphan
tiger I smile always have a feeling for
Edison